Install systemd on Filebeat Docker images (#44056)
elastic/beats: docs/reference/filebeat/filebeat-input-journald.md

[`journald`](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd-journald.service.html) is a system service that collects and stores logging data. The `journald` input reads this log data and the metadata associated with it. To read this log data Filebeat calls `journalctl` to read from the journal, therefore Filebeat needs permission to execute `journalctl`.

:::{important}

> When using the Journald input from a Docker container, make sure the
> `journalctl` binary in the container is compatible with your
> Systemd/journal version, to get the version of the `journalctl` binary
> in Filebeat's image run (adjust the image name/tag accordingly to the
> version you are running):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the Journald input from a Docker container, make sure the
`journalctl` binary in the container is compatible with your
Systemd/journal version. To get the version of the `journalctl` binary
in Filebeat's image run the following, adjusting the image name/tag 
according to the version that you are running):
```

Author: Thanks @kilfoyle ! I implemented it on 02f0929502

```sh
docker run --rm -it --entrypoint "journalctl" docker.elastic.co/beats/filebeat-wolfi:<VERSION> --version

> ```

Reviewer 2: This is very helpful, thanks!
